Camouflage Kill a mob while wearing the same type of mob head.
Delicious Fish Catch and cook a fish!
Enchanter Construct an Enchantment Table.
Freight Station Use a Hopper to move an item from a Chest Minecart to a Chest.
Iron Belly Stop starvation using Rotten Flesh.
Lion Hunter Gain the trust of an Ocelot.
On A Rail Travel by minecart to a point a least 500m in a single direction from where you started.
Rainbow Collection Gather all 16 colors of wool.
Renewable Energy Smelt wood trunks using charcoal to make more charcoal.
Return to Sender Destroy a Ghast with a fireball.
Sniper Duel Kill a Skeleton with an arrow from more than 50 meters.
Taste of Your Own Medicine Poison a witch with a splash potion.
The Lie Bake a cake using: wheat
Trampoline Bounce 30 blocks upward off a slime block.
Tie Dye Outfit Use a cauldron to dye all 4 unique pieces of leather armor.
When Pigs Fly Use a saddle to ride a pig
Inception Push a piston with a piston
Saddle Up Tame a horse.
Artificial Selection Breed a mule from a horse and a donkey.
Overpowered Eat an Enchanted Apple
Rabbit Season Cook and Eat Rabbit Meat
Super Sonic Use Elytra to fly through a 1 by 1 gap while moving faster than 40 m/s
So I Got That Going for Me Lead a Caravan containing at least 5 Llamas
Let It Go! Using the Frost Walker boots
Treasure Hunter Acquire a map from a cartographer villager
I am a Marine Biologist Collect a fish in a bucket
One Pickle  Two Pickle
Echolocation Feed a dolphin fish to have it lead you to treasure
Top of the World Place scaffolding to the world limit.
Where have you been? Receive a gift from a tamed cat in the morning.
Fruit on the Loom Make a banner using an Enchanted Apple Stencil
Plethora of Cats Befriend twenty stray cats.
Sound the Alarm! Ring the bell with a hostile enemy in the village.
Time for Stew Give someone a suspicious stew.
Bee our guest Use a Campfire to collect Honey from a Beehive using a Bottle without aggravating the bees.
Total Beelocation Move and place a Bee Nest
Sticky Situation Slide down a honey block to slow your fall.
Bullseye Hit the bullseye of a Target block
Wax on  Wax off
Whatever Floats Your Goat Get in a boat and float with a goat
The Healing Power of Friendship! Team up with an axolotl and win a fight
Feels Like Home Take a Strider for a loooong ride on a lava lake in the Overworld.
Caves & Cliffs Free fall from the top of the world (build limit) to the bottom of the world and survive.
Sneak 100 Sneaking next to a Sculk Sensor without triggering it
It Spreads Kill a mob next to a catalyst
Birthday Song Have an Allay drop a cake at a note block
With Our Powers Combined! Have all 3 froglights in your inventory
Is a follower Find Facebook friends
